Update configuring-collision-monitor-node.rst (#796)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: configuration/packages/collision_monitor/configuring-collision-monitor-node.rst

  Description:
    Maximum height the PointCloud projection to 2D space ended with. Applicable for ``pointcloud`` type.

:``<source name>``.use_global_height:

  ============== =============================
  Type           Default
  -------------- -----------------------------
  bool           false
  ============== =============================

  Description:

>     Set true for pointcloud sources containing a "height" field relative to a real world ground contour. The "height" field will be used for the min and max height checks instead of the "z" field and will not be transformed with the rest of the cloud data. Applicable for ``pointcloud`` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set true for pointcloud sources containing a "height" field relative to a real world ground contour. The "height" field will be used for the min and max height checks instead of the "z" field and will not be transformed as it is assumed that height is already global frame referenced. Applicable for ``pointcloud`` type.
```
